clarify source_credentials scope (#3785)
conan-io/docs: reference/config_files/source_credentials.rst

then the credentials will be injected. If the file provides multiple credentials for multiple URLs, they
will be evaluated in order until the first match happens. If no match is found, no credentials will be injected.

> It has to be noted that the ``source_credentials`` apply only to files downloaded with the ``tools.files`` ``download()`` and ``get()`` helpers, but it won't be used in other cases. For providing credentials for Conan repos, the ``credentials.json`` file should be used instead, see :ref:`reference_config_files_credentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has to be noted that the ``source_credentials`` applies only to files downloaded with the ``tools.files`` ``download()`` and ``get()`` helpers, but it won't be used in other cases. To provide credentials for Conan repos, the ``credentials.json`` file should be used instead, see :ref:`reference_config_files_credentials`.
```
